
Callers Add-in [Update 3.7 - Jan 29, 2018]

 DETAILS:
 This is a quite simple VB add-in that adds something I've
 sometimes needed as projects get too large and complex.
 It adds a couple of entries to VB's code pane context menu
 so that when you right-click within a procedure (or on a
 declare) and select 'Callers' you get a popup menu listing
 all other routines in the project that call this code member.
 It displays which routines reference any particular code member
 in the project, and allows you to select one to go to it - and
 a second entry called 'Callee' to go back if you wish.

 FEATURES:
 Callee's include all procedures, API declares, Enums and Types,
 module level constants and variables, Implemented classes and
 Raised Events. Also identifies parent Type or Enum when right-
 clicking on one of their members. Finds public Enums of classes
 without being qualified by class name. Also adds a 'Clear' menu
 item to the Immediate Window.

 UPDATE 1.5: jumps to the line within the Caller at the first
 reference to the Callee (instead of the start of the Caller
 procedure). Added API declares, constants and module level
 variables as Callee's.

 UPDATE 1.6: fixed bugs introduced in 1.5.
 UPDATE 1.7: added Raised Events, Enums and Types as Callee's.
 UPDATE 1.8: fixed VBE Find func allowing underscores as matches
 (Hwnd no longer matches m_Hwnd) but still allows event procedures
 to match (ISearch matches ISearch_FoundItem).

 UPDATE 1.9: Serious bug fix. Fixed some matches being missed in
 the declarations section.

 UPDATE 2.0: Identifies parent Type or Enum when clicking
 on one of the members. Now finds public Enums of classes
 without being qualified by class name (eObjType or
 clsObjs.eObjType) used anywhere within the current project.

 UPDATE 2.1: With blocks sometimes had false matches so needed
 a fix. Also fixed a minor bug that identified the wrong member
 when you right-click a comment line in the declarations section.

 UPDATE 2.21: fixed fatal typo bug introduced in v2.2.

 UPDATE 2.22: fixed 'exclude addin designer' introduced in v1.9.

 UPDATE 2.23: fixed 'underscore' incorrect behavior introduced
 in v1.8 (Initialize matched Class_Initialize) - thanks heaps
 to Kenneth Ives (kenaso) for your feedback.

 UPDATE 2.24: fixed yet another bug - discovered the VBE Find
 function searches up to but not including the specified last
 line. Also now correctly handles API declares with line
 continuation.

 UPDATE 2.25: found a minor bug that missed callers when the class
 is declared as an array. I knew of another minor bug so having
 two bugs I worked out a fix for them and here is the update.
 New bug: cMany() As cObj
          cMany(i).GetIt(...)
 would miss callers of the GetIt method of the cObj class.
 Old bug: ActiveForm.Add(...)
 would miss callers of the Add method of an MDI child form.

 UPDATE 2.26: fixed a minor bug that missed a caller when the
 member in question was an Implemented procedure of a public
 class. E.g: FoundItem would miss frmMain.ISearch_FoundItem.
 Re-introduced incorrect Initialize matches Glaze_Initialize
 fixed in 2.23, but only IfItIs_Initialize in the same module
 (unlikely). Prefer a false hit rather than many missed hits.

 UPDATE 2.3: fixed a minor bug that missed a caller when the
 member in question was referenced as the data type of one of
 a procedures arguments. I use this add-in all the time so when
 I got a missed hit it 'bugged' me so I just had to fix it.

 UPDATE 2.4: Added a 'Reset Standard ToolBar' entry.

 UPDATE 2.5: Removed 2.4, decided it was a bad idea. I have 2.4
 now as separate Addin (probably useful only to me), available by
 request only if you REALLY NEED IT at rohanedwards123*gmail*com.
 WARNING: Reported that it can screw up ur IDE!

 UPDATE 2.6:
 Fixed minor glitch where receiver of Implemented events was not
 identifying where events were fired from. Now the Implemented
 class links both caller and callee, not identified as a caller
 of the callee itself, but passing on its callers, the initiators
 of the events, as callers.

 UPDATE 2.7:
 Added by request display all members of the current code module.
 Pretty raw first draft, popup list is basic, just got it working
 basically. Let me know if the code pane context menu doesn't
 seem correct. Worked harder setting that up than the new feature.

 UPDATE 2.8:
 Fixed a minor bug introduced in 2.6. Now it will return to callee
 when jumped to caller via Implemented class, instead of returning
 to the definition in the Implemented class (redirected both ways).

 UPDATE 2.9:
 Refined the new feature added in 2.7, cleaned up pop-up menus? and
 fixed minor bugs to get it behaving correctly. Added enums and
 types which are not included in the VBE's members collection by
 parsing for them in the declarations section.

 UPDATE 3.0:
 Removed component reference in menu items when listing all members
 of the current component, as they all have the same parent anyway,
 and the callee also shares the same reference (the callee returns
 to the popup position), so they default to the callee reference
 when they don't have their own. Added fuctionality to identify
 the callers of a WithEvents event, the initiators of the events.
 Used the same redirection technique as for Implemented events.

 UPDATE 3.1:
 Fixed bug introduced 2.7: Menu memory errors around 250 items!
 Hadn't anticipated limit listing all members on large projects.

 UPDATE 3.1(b):
 Added missing RES file.

 UPDATE 3.2:
 Version 3.0 added WithEvents event procedures recognising the
 initiators of the events, via the WithEvents class variable.
 Now WithEvents class variables identify the WithEvents event
 procedures as callers of the variable.

 Added HotKeys:

         Display Callers..      Alt+F2
         Return to Callee   Alt+Win+F2

 UPDATE 3.3:
 Fixed a bug where more than one instance of a class declared
 within the same module would only find callers of the first
 found instance.

 UPDATE 3.4:
 Fixed bug in 3.3!

 UPDATE 3.5:
 Added another HotKey:

         Jump to next Caller..  Alt+F3

 Pop-up menu is limited to 200 entries, but all hits are kept
 and can be iterated by stepping thru the code with the new
 HotKey.

 You can hit Alt+F2, then dismiss the menu with Alt(again)+F3,
 and step thru all hits with Alt+F3. You must try it!

 UPDATE 3.6:

 Minor update allows returning to all Callees - I'm often finding
 Callers of Callers and then unable to return to the starting Callee.

 Previous Callees will eventually become out of sync as changes are
 made to the code, but no errors will occur.

 Also available by repeating the Alt+Win+F2 HotKey.

 UPDATE 3.7:

 Another minor update allows stepping through Callers in reverse.
 Available only by repeating the Alt+Win+F3 HotKey.

 Bug reports or suggestions for improvement welcome:
 rohanedwards123*gmail*com

 Just compile the project to automatically add the add-in to VB
 and get two new menu items 'Callers' and 'Callee' on the code
 context menu ... If you have compiled a previous version just
 compile again with no VB IDE's open by selecting 'Make' on the
 Caller.vbp's right-click context menu in explorer ... 22 kb zip.
